# Full Stack .NET Developer Technical Test - Job Application Tracker

## Backend
Tech stack:
- ASP.NET Core Web API
- Entity Framework Core
- In-memory DB
- Swagger

Run the application in /api/JobApplicationAPI with:
```bash
dotnet run
```

Swagger UI will be available at [http://localhost:5166/swagger](http://localhost:5166/swagger).

## Frontend
Tech stack:
- React/Next.js
- Axios
- Shadcn UI component library
- Zod (Form validation)
- Tailwind CSS
- ESLint, Prettier

Run the development server in /client with:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser.

#### Extra notes:
- Bulk import functionality was implemented to aid in testing pagination.
- Files located in /client/src/components/ui/ are all components imported and generated by Shadcn UI component library.

## Assumptions made
- The use of a UI component library was permitted.
- The typical user would be a job searcher looking to keep track of the many job applications at various companies.
- 'dateApplied' is a readonly property - while the user may want to update the date in case of a mistake, the timestamp a newly submitted application should give the most accurate information for that property.
- Interview/Offer/Rejected are all statuses that have resulted in a response. It is assumed that the job searcher will find need to know which jobs they have applied for, but haven't received a response yet. A status of 'Applied' will be assigned by default to represent this initial state.
- An additional PUT operation will be required to update and save an existing record.

## Possible further improvements
#### SQLite implementation
In the interest of time, I decided to use the in-memory DB approach to my backend, opting to try the SQLite implementation approach if I had spare time afterwards. 

## To-dos:
#### BE
* Generic error handling should be handled in the middleware pipeline rather than through complex validation logic in the controller. Alternatively, this can be handled in the service/repository layers and propagated up the stack.
* Would benefit from the addition of a generic exception handler in the middleware as opposed to handling through complex validation logic.
* Review variable names and enforce consistency.

#### FE
* Put BE URL in .env file
* Redo entire FE without 3rd party UI components 
  * Keep roughly the same layout
  * Create own base components
  * Use Redux